admin/markdown/ProjectStructure/Until_it_is_Done.md, before:

# until it is done.

Okay, we are currently in a building phase. 


We are currrently building the TimeΔ

I need to also build before prototype Luanch:

false = ExperienncesΔ = OmniEXP

false = TimeΔ = OmniTime
false = PerspectiveΔ = OmniSight
false = ComplexityΔ = OmniComplexity
false = SpaceΔ = OmniSpace
false = ContainmentΔ = OmniContainment
false = ExpressionΔ = OmniExpress
false = FunctionΔ = OmniAction
false = SystemΔ = OmniSys
false = EndΔ = OmniEnd
false = StartΔ = OmniStart





Additionally, I will need to create functions instead of hard coding things so my plans can run more smoothly.

I say create an example, and write the function at the same time, that way the minimization of errors will occur. Its less time costly though. I think after a while of making a couple they can stack at will. 


// Summons

summon_Object(object, location, additionalSettings...)
summon_Objects(objectArr, locationMapperCoordinates, additionalSettings...)



commitTest01_JustForCommits__
commitTest02_JustForCommits__
commitTest03_JustForCommits__




# EmotionsForHUD
\- Happy
\- Sad
\- Willful
\- Hopeless
\- Scared
\- Courageous





# StraightLine
UpdateDesignTree. 
=> Build UI/UX. 
=> Build Alphabet. 
=> Build Templates. 
=> Build Examples. 
=> Deploy Prototype.



# Translator:

## Logic
\- I need a way to sequentially communicate logic in a way where linear thinkers can understand system thinkers and other types of thinkers.

Commit message:

adding changes to scene and commit testing

admin/markdown/ProjectStructure/Until_it_is_Done.md, after:

# until it is done.

Okay, we are currently in a building phase. 


We are currrently building the TimeΔ

I need to also build before prototype Luanch:

false = ExperienncesΔ = OmniEXP

false = TimeΔ = OmniTime
false = PerspectiveΔ = OmniSight
false = ComplexityΔ = OmniComplexity
false = SpaceΔ = OmniSpace
false = ContainmentΔ = OmniContainment
false = ExpressionΔ = OmniExpress
false = FunctionΔ = OmniAction
false = SystemΔ = OmniSys
false = EndΔ = OmniEnd
false = StartΔ = OmniStart





Additionally, I will need to create functions instead of hard coding things so my plans can run more smoothly.

I say create an example, and write the function at the same time, that way the minimization of errors will occur. Its less time costly though. I think after a while of making a couple they can stack at will. 


// Summons

summon_Object(object, location, additionalSettings...)
summon_Objects(objectArr, locationMapperCoordinates, additionalSettings...)



commitTest01_JustForCommits__
commitTest02_JustForCommits__
commitTest03_JustForCommits__


commitTest03_JustForCommits__
commitTest03_JustForCommits__




# EmotionsForHUD
\- Happy
\- Sad
\- Willful
\- Hopeless
\- Scared
\- Courageous





# StraightLine
UpdateDesignTree. 
=> Build UI/UX. 
=> Build Alphabet. 
=> Build Templates. 
=> Build Examples. 
=> Deploy Prototype.



# Translator:

## Logic
\- I need a way to sequentially communicate logic in a way where linear thinkers can understand system thinkers and other types of thinkers.
